what is going on guys Sweet Chin Music
here in this video is going to let you
guys know how to capture your video game
gameplay whether it's PlayStation 3 Xbox
360 Xbox one or even possibly
PlayStation 4 now I say that because we
don't really know how it's gonna work
with the PlayStation 4 they said you
could use external capture cards and
they also said that for the Xbox one so
we don't know if that's gonna be
available for use on day one or if it's
something they'll release in a patch
later on but by far the number one
question I do get in the comments
section is what do you use are how you
capture the video game gameplay now
there's some things called video capture
cards whether its internal or external
internal is something that will go
inside of your computer in a PCI Express
slot and then you connect your HDMI
cables from your game console to the
back of your computer via that internal
capture card and then back to the
monitor TV that you play on now
personally I use an external capture
card I have an elgato but there's other
companies like every media hot Posche
even Roxio so I would highly recommend
even if you guys would like to start or
get into making videos for YouTube try
something on the cheaper and maybe a
Roxio maybe the hot Pasha's are a little
bit lower now the old HD PVR 1 which
uses a component cables you can probably
find pretty cheap right now but the
Roxio you can still do some HD via
component and that's not a bad deal I
think those are going for around 100 you
know $120 on Amazon stuff like that but
I currently use the Elgato Game Capture
HD and I also have an ever media card
here there's actually different types of
external cards I have two different ones
some of them are better than others but
I really enjoy the elgato it's a great
card can't complain about it and how
that works you will run the component
cables out of your PlayStation into the
capture card and then from the capture
card into your monitor and then the
capture card has a USB that will connect
to the computer itself and that's pretty
much how all of them will work
there's probably other tutorials online
of how it works as well actually a
fellow youtuber of my bait actually did
a review on a never me dia card but you
do not actually have to connect it to a
computer you can actually edit it all on
the TV itself which is pretty cool he
enjoys it the review of it was pretty
good it's a solid review if I find that
video I'll probably try and link it in
the description are somewhere on this
video so right now I currently use the
Elgato
very good for live-streaming just
capturing video does everything HD now
with the capture cards comes some other
things too
now the capture card for a good ones
gonna set you back 150 to 200 dollars
depending on which one you get
but then for the videos as well you're
gonna need something to edit the video
so I currently use Sony Vegas there's
other ones out there as well whether
it's Mac with final cuts there's an
Adobe program as well so you're gonna
want to get one of those I use I think
it's a 100 dollar Vegas movie studio
it's not bad it's very good it gets the
job done and then secondly our thirdly
of course to edit the videos you're
gonna need a microphone whether it's a
turtle beach mic I actually started out
using a turtle beach mic and currently I
use a blue snowball right now
very good mic and it's something that
I'm looking still to upgrade for the
future whether it be an XLR
configuration are just a better USB mic
but some things on that it can get
pretty costly and then if you wanted to
get in the live-streaming portion you
know you're gonna have to spend a couple
of dollars to get a decent computer you
know to run the livestream at the
highest quality as possible so you're
looking at that as well you're gonna
need a solid computer I think the elgato
at least needs four gigabytes of RAM to
even use so the people out there with
you know an older laptop with two
gigabytes of RAM you know that really
isn't gonna work for you or possibly
even for it probably will not work very
well with you it'll be very sluggish on
your computer so you have to look at
that as well
as well with the capture cards
I mean what's great about them they're
very portable they'll gato very small
it's about the size of an iPhone even
the avermedia cards that they have now
about the size of an iPhone which is
very nice so you could take it from here
you know to your friend's house plugging
into his computer and be ready to record
a few over your friend's house now some
of them like the other media cards have
the ability to record onto a hard drive
normally an SD card that will plug into
the other media device so if you do take
it over your friend's house you could
plug it in there and then just record to
the SD card then when you take it back
home you can you know plug that into
your computer
fire your editing software up edit it
and be on YouTube in minutes but you
know it is a costly hobby to have but
all hobbies you know if you enjoy that
hobby and you're willing to spend the
money you know it can get very expensive
between the computers down there
peripherals the mics the capture cards
themselves but that is definitely the
number one thing I do get is you know
how do you capture your gameplay and
it's through an H the old term was an HD
PVR high definition video recorder and
the first one was probably like a hot
posh they're still in business today now
they make an okay card I've had it
didn't really like it that much but it
was when it first came out so it could
have been a little finicky it could be
different now but I've had the elgato
for a while now and I really enjoy it a
heaven in ever media card that I haven't
even opened yet it's kind of like a
backup for the elgato so maybe one day
I'll pop that in and see how that works
but another aspect of it as well while
I'm on the topic of recording gameplay
now the Xbox one and ps4 said they're
gonna have built-in recorders right into
the system but we really don't know
right now how much time that's gonna be
where it's gonna be able to save so you
know the best bet when recording is to
use an external capture card
because the space on the consoles
themselves the harddrive space is going
to be limited as well as you're not
going to be able to use the software of
your choice while editing your video so
like I said I use a Sony product to edit
you know some other people may use a
final cut or a higher-end Sony maybe
even Adobe so that's another thing
you'll have to look at as well like I've
mentioned before so that's one thing
that's up in the air
definitely the external way is to go if
you want to capture I know you're
probably gonna see a boom of people at
least uploading videos to YouTube just
for the fact that it's gonna be pretty
easy with the Xbox one and the ps4 just
to upload them as well as they're gonna
have live streaming eggs apps on the new
consoles you know to get the live
streams out there so we don't really
know how those are gonna work or how
those are gonna look as well so you know
I hope this video can clear things up
for you guys and for you people that you
know ask me how to record that's just a
little breakdown maybe one day I'll
actually show you my setup once I get a
little bit larger of a channel probably
and I find the time to you know
videotape my setup and show you
everything and what it's all about but
if you guys have any more questions or
comments please feel free to ask leave
them down in the comment section I'll
try and get to them with this new
Google+ but I hope I cleared some things
up for you guys it's your boy Sweet Chin
Music I'm out peace